Two Pointers Add Walkthrough since It's kinda confusing (#2086)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: content/3_Silver/Two_Pointers.mdx

We want to find the longest contiguous segment of books that can be read within $t$ minutes. 

> To accomplish this, we can define $\texttt{left}$ and $\texttt{right}$ to **represent** the beggining and end of the **segment**. However, both will start at the beggining of the array. These numbers can be thought of as pointers, hence the name "two pointers".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To accomplish this, we can define $\texttt{left}$ and $\texttt{right}$ to **represent** the beginning and end of the **segment**. However, both will start at the beginning of the array. These numbers can be thought of as pointers, hence the name "two pointers".
```
spelling mistake

> To accomplish this, we can define $\texttt{left}$ and $\texttt{right}$ to **represent** the beginning and end of the **segment**. However, both will start at the beginning of the array. These numbers can be thought of as pointers, hence the name "two pointers".

Reviewer 2: Any reason why "represent" and "segment" are bolded?

Author: I thought it made it more clear

For every $\texttt{left}$ index, we need to increase our $\texttt{right}$ pointer until the total time for that segment is the maximum while being less than $t$.

We will keep track of the max segment size with $\texttt{ans}$, and take the maximum $\texttt{right} - \texttt{left}$ value.

We can then continually increment $\texttt{left}$ by 1. After incrementing the left index, the time used decreases, hence the right pointer never has to move back (left). Thus:

> **Since both pointers will move at most $N$ times, the overall time complexity is $\mathcal{O}(N)$.**

Reviewer 2: Don't know if this needs to be bolded either

Author: That was bolded before my commits

Reviewer 2: Yeah I just don't know what the purpose the holding serves. Time complexity analysis isn't normally bolded in any other solution/explanation. But yeah it's ultimately up to ur discretion

As an example, consider the first case in the sample inputs:
<center>
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Left Pointer</th>
			<th className="bg-yellow-100 dark:bg-yellow-800"></th>
			<th></th>
			<th></th>
			<th></th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>$\texttt{arr}[i]$</td>
			<td>3</td>
			<td>1</td>
			<td>2</td>
			<td>1</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Right Pointer</th>
			<th className="bg-yellow-100 dark:bg-yellow-800"></th>
			<th></th>
			<th></th>
			<th></th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>
</center>

> We can move the right pointer only to index $1$:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can move the right pointer to index $1$:
```
redundant

<center>
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Left Pointer</th>
			<th className="bg-yellow-100 dark:bg-yellow-800"></th>
			<th></th>
			<th></th>
			<th></th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>$\texttt{arr}[i]$</td>
			<td>3</td>
			<td>1</td>
			<td>2</td>
			<td>1</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Right Pointer</th>
			<th></th>
			<th className="bg-yellow-100 dark:bg-yellow-800"></th>
			<th></th>
			<th></th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>
</center>

> The sum of the values in this range is 4, and there are 2 values. So, the current maximum is 2. Now, moving the left pointer up by 1, we can subtract 3 from the sum of values, to get 1. So, the current sum of values is 1. The array then looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sum of the values in this range is 4, and there are 2 values. So, the current maximum is 2. By incrementing the left pointer by 1, we can subtract 3 from the sum of values to get 1. The array then looks like:
```

<center>
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Left Pointer</th>
			<th></th>
			<th className="bg-yellow-100 dark:bg-yellow-800"></th>
			<th></th>
			<th></th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>$\texttt{arr}[i]$</td>
			<td>3</td>
			<td>1</td>
			<td>2</td>
			<td>1</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Right Pointer</th>
			<th></th>
			<th className="bg-yellow-100 dark:bg-yellow-800"></th>
			<th></th>
			<th></th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>
</center>

> Now, we can move the right pointer up by $2$, to the end. This makes the sum of values precisely $5$ (since $1$ (previous cur val) $+2+1=5$, and has a length of 3. So, the maximum is now $3$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, we can move the right pointer to the end. This makes the sum of values $5$, since $1$ (previous cur val) $+2+1=5$, and has a length of 3. So, the maximum is now $3$.
```
> (since 1 (previous cur val)) +2+1=5,

1 + 2 + 1 = 5?

Author: 😑

<center>
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Left Pointer</th>
			<th></th>
			<th className="bg-yellow-100 dark:bg-yellow-800"></th>
			<th></th>
			<th></th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>$\texttt{arr}[i]$</td>
			<td>3</td>
			<td>1</td>
			<td>2</td>
			<td>1</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Right Pointer</th>
			<th></th>
			<th></th>
			<th></th>
			<th className="bg-yellow-100 dark:bg-yellow-800"></th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>
</center>

> At this point we are done, since the right pointer has hit the end. So, the answer is $3$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point we are done, since the right pointer has reached the end. So, the answer is $3$.
```

We want to find the longest contiguous segment of books that can be read within $t$ minutes. 

> To accomplish this, we can define $\texttt{left}$ and $\texttt{right}$ both at the start of the segment respectively and use two pointers to track the interval.

Reviewer 3: i think the former is correct 👀

Reviewer 4: this is for books, right? i'm pretty sure both pointers start at the beginning

but delete "respectively"

Reviewer 3: but right marks the end of the segment not the start even though they all start at the same point at the beginning.

Reviewer 4: ohhh i thought it was saying that they both start at the beginning, and the "tracks the interval" part meant that they were the left and right side of the segment

maybe could be reworded to make it more clear

Reviewer 3: yea i think we can reword this to be a bit clearer

Author: Yeah let me reword that

For every $\texttt{left}$ index, we need to increase our $\texttt{right}$ pointer until the total time for that segment is the maximum while being less than $t$.

We will keep track of the max segment size with $\texttt{ans}$, and take the maximum $\texttt{right} - \texttt{left}$ value.

> We can then continually increment $\texttt{left}$ by 1. After incrementing the left index, the time used decreases, hence the right pointer never has to move back (left). Thus:

Reviewer 3: kind of redundant and unclear.

We want to find the longest contiguous segment of books that can be read within $t$ minutes. 

To accomplish this, we can define $\texttt{left}$ and $\texttt{right}$ to **represent** the beginning and end of the **segment**. However, both will start at the beginning of the array. These numbers can be thought of as pointers, hence the name "two pointers".

> For every $\texttt{left}$ index, we need to increase our $\texttt{right}$ pointer until the total time for that segment is the maximum while being less than $t$.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For every $\texttt{left}$ index, we need to increase our $\texttt{right}$ pointer until the total time for that segment is maximized while being less than or equal to $t$.
```

> We will keep track of the max segment size with $\texttt{ans}$, and take the maximum $\texttt{right} - \texttt{left}$ value.

Reviewer 2: Shoudn't this be the maximum value of right - left + 1?

Author: Yeah, it should.
```suggestion
We will keep track of the max segment size with $\texttt{ans}$, and take the maximum $\texttt{right} - \texttt{left}+1$ value.
```

> To accomplish this, we can define $\texttt{left}$ and $\texttt{right}$ to **represent** the beginning and end of the **segment**. However, both will start at the beginning of the array. These numbers can be thought of as pointers, hence the name "two pointers."

Reviewer 5: why still bolded?

We can move the right pointer to index $1$:
<center>
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Left Pointer</th>
			<th className="bg-yellow-100 dark:bg-yellow-800"></th>
			<th></th>
			<th></th>
			<th></th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>$\texttt{arr}[i]$</td>
			<td>3</td>
			<td>1</td>
			<td>2</td>
			<td>1</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Right Pointer</th>
			<th></th>
			<th className="bg-yellow-100 dark:bg-yellow-800"></th>
			<th></th>
			<th></th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>
</center>
The sum of the values in this range is 4, and there are 2 values. So, the current maximum is 2. By incrementing the left pointer by 1, we can subtract 3 from the sum of values to get 1. The array then looks like:
<center>
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Left Pointer</th>
			<th></th>
			<th className="bg-yellow-100 dark:bg-yellow-800"></th>
			<th></th>
			<th></th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>$\texttt{arr}[i]$</td>
			<td>3</td>
			<td>1</td>
			<td>2</td>
			<td>1</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Right Pointer</th>
			<th></th>
			<th className="bg-yellow-100 dark:bg-yellow-800"></th>
			<th></th>
			<th></th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>
</center>

> Now, we can move the right pointer to the end. This makes the sum of values $4$, since $1$ (previous cur val) $+2+1=4$, and has a length of 3. So, the maximum is now $3$.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, we can move the right pointer to the end. This makes the sum of values $4$, since $1$ (previous cur val) $+2+1=4$, and the length of the segment equal to 3. So, the maximum segment length is now $3$.
```

> Now, we can move the right pointer to the end. This makes the sum of values $1+2+1=4$ and the length of the segment equal to 3. So, $\texttt{ans}$ is now $3$.

Reviewer 5: still not consistent about surrounding numbers with $$

> Now, we can move the right pointer to the end. This makes the sum of values $4$, since $1$ (previous cur val) $+2+1=4$, and the length of the segment equal to 3. So, $\texttt{ans}$ is now $3$.

Reviewer 5: `previous cur val`

what's cur val?

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Now, we can move the right pointer to the end. This makes the sum of values $1+2+1=4$ and the length of the segment equal to 3. So, $\texttt{ans}$ is now $3$.
```

Reviewer 5: not consistent about surrounding numbers with $$

<center>
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Left Pointer</th>
			<th></th>
			<th className="bg-yellow-100 dark:bg-yellow-800"></th>
			<th></th>
			<th></th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>$\texttt{arr}[i]$</td>
			<td>3</td>
			<td>1</td>
			<td>2</td>
			<td>1</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Right Pointer</th>
			<th></th>
			<th></th>
			<th></th>
			<th className="bg-yellow-100 dark:bg-yellow-800"></th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>
</center>

> At this point we are done, since the right pointer has reached the end. So, the answer is $3$.

Reviewer 2: You just used "so" as the transition word two sentences ago, so it might be better to switch it up 
```suggestion
Since the right pointer has reached the end of the array, we are done at this point. This leaves us with $3$ as our answer.
```
